Update actively supported type-checkers list in readme (#9472)
python/typeshed: README.md

## Using

> If you're just using a type-checker ([mypy](https://github.com/python/mypy/),

Reviewer: nit: we usually spell without the hyphen
```suggestion
If you're just using a type checker ([mypy](https://github.com/python/mypy/),
```

[pyright](https://github.com/microsoft/pyright),
[pytype](https://github.com/google/pytype/), PyCharm, ...), as opposed to
developing it, you don't need to interact with the typeshed repo at

> all: a copy of standard library part of typeshed is bundled with mypy and pyright.

Reviewer: Since in the context of "as a type checker user, do i have to care about this" the answer is still no
```suggestion
all: a copy of standard library part of typeshed is typically bundled with type checkers.
```
